It seems today ♪
That all you see ♪
Is violence in movies and sex on TV ♪
♪ But where are those
good old-fashioned values ♪
On which we used to rely? ♪
Lucky there's a family guy ♪
♪ Lucky there's a man who
positively can do ♪
All the things that make us ♪
Laugh and cry ♪
He's... a... Fam... ily... Guy! ♪
Oh, good.
Kids, you're just in time for breakfast.
No time, Mom. The girl I stalk
has field hockey practice at 8:00.
I love a red-cheeked barbarian.
How about you, Meg?
Can't. I'm weirdly the girl he's stalking.
God help me, I love the attention.
Well, it's just you and me, Stewie.
What should we do today?
I don't know, maybe forget
everything that just happened?
All right, there he is.
- Do you have his lunch ready?
- Lunch?
This big boy has his first
whole day of preschool today.
Oh, my God, is it September already?
Wow. So I have the whole day to myself.
Let's see. I...
I guess I've got nothing
to do except create an excuse
to touch the Target cashier lady
I want to run away with.
That'll be $6.11.
Oh, perfect. I have a dime and a penny.
They're right here, in my hand,
for you to take.
We could go to Montana.
I want to, but I can't.
Esperanza, it's time to get back to work.
Lady! Wait!
No!
Cinnamon-skinned Target lady!
Target. Due to lesbian fantasies,
we no longer accept change.
Well, I have the whole day.
I guess I can watch The Office for so long
that Netflix has
to ask if I'm still alive.
Hey, Lois, is everything okay?
Uh, our Netflix says your
Netflix is worried about you.
Is that the delivery guy?
Ooh, I hate him, I hate him, I hate him!
Oh, my God. Oh, Brian, are you okay?
Oh, crap. I-I can't remember
if doggy arms are
supposed to bend that way.
Okay, Bonnie might know if doggy arms
are supposed to bend that way.
Hang on. She's responding.
I can see the little dots in the bubble.
Oh, no, wait, she stopped.
Oh, now she's typing again.
Take me...
Typing. Typing.
Typing.
...to a hospital.
Oh, Bonnie doesn't have a dog.
I spy with my handicapable eye
something for bulk trash day.
Yeah, you know what?
This thing's a piece of junk.
Worked one time.
Peter, you're throwing
- this Ping-
- Pong table out?
Can I have it?
Sure, it's all yours.
Mattress? Mattress?
Anyone throwing away a mattress?
Eh, what size?
I don't know. Van size?
Whatever size that is.
Hello!
Broken arm, huh?
That's no fun.
Hey! Get out of here!
Uh, you didn't give him
the combination to the lock
on your garbage shed, did you?
- No.
- Good.
Anyhorse, that arm looks broken.
We'll have to get you some painkillers.
I'm just gonna open this drawer
that doesn't have the mechanism
that stops it from
pulling all the way out.
Ah! Darn it.
Hey, I heard a crash in here.
I, uh... I'm gonna need that shed password
to throw everything away, though.
Four, two...
Isn't that the same raccoon?
No.
This one actually works here.
Guys, there's something
going on across the street.
Did that cocky jogger
finally get hit by a car?
Nope. I outran them.
Cocky jogger. ♪
Mile 13!
- -Dad, isn't that our Ping-
- Pong table?
I don't know. Let me imagine it
with lots of paint cans on top of it.
Hey, that's ours!
Wow, Cleveland, looks like you got
the most popular place on the block.
You really fixed this thing up.
Can I play winner?
Uh, yeah, there's a line, bub.
The line starts all the way back
in that burning barn.
Hey, no cuts!
Aw, poor Brian.
Have your pain meds kicked in yet?
Ho, yeah.
How does it feel?
Where are you going?
Ho, yeah.
Huh. I want to "ho, yeah."
Maybe just a half of a half, huh?
Ah...
- What? Wh-
- Where am I?
You're on my head, Lois.
Chris Daughtry?
That's right, Lois.
Would you like to glide around on my head
like an air hockey puck?
Forever?
Just until I have to
do a smoke-inside concert
at an Indian casino.
Oh, that must be soon.
Every 45 minutes.
Oh!
Ah...
A thousand bucks a show split six ways.
Hey, Peter's underwear.
You've been through a lot, huh?
I'm gonna fold you nice.
Ah.
Hello. I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson.
What Lois just did isn't possible.
Or is it?
Let's spend an hour
of Fox's money to find out.
Well, it's 3:50.
That's basically 4:00.
I mean, in some cultures,
it's polite to do things
ten minutes early.
You know, if it's good with water,
it'd be even better with wine, huh?
Just like Jesus says.
B-B-Brian, Brian, was that the last pill?
Yes. But that's fine,
'cause my arm's all better.
Oh, so now you're a doctor?
Of letters, from Hofstra, yes.
Yeah, well-well-well-well,
there's nothing I love more
than my dog Brian
and I'm not gonna take the chance
that he doesn't have
enough pills just in case.
Lois, I'm good. I don't want
to get hooked on those things.
Who wants to go for a ride in the car?
- Hey! Dr. Griffin!
- Yeah, Hofstra!
Hofstra.
Pets need safety schools, too.
Okay. Time to play another round
of expiration date roulette
with this salami.
God, that's annoying.
No problem.
I can turn on that one radio station
that's just religious Spanish shouting.
¡Jesucristo es el Señor
del mundo!
It's okay. I'm sure that noise
won't make me go insane.
Peter?
How's your new novel coming along?
Don't read that.
It's still very rough.
Okay, if anyone has drugs,
it's high school kids under the bleachers.
Hey, daddy-os.
Anyone want to blast off to Mars?
Uh, what?
Well, what I'm saying is, I'm Lucy.
Where's the sky with diamonds?
Excuse me, ma'am, are you lost?
No, I want pills! Give me pills!
Aren't you kids doing drugs under here?
No, we're picking up trash
and organizing a Black Lives Matter rally.
Ugh! How could you be so selfish?!
Hey, daddy-os...
They don't have drugs!
Later, alligators.
- Oh, Ping-
- Pong, huh? That's cute.
Me, I like American games.
Okay, I'll bite.
- No, I'm just saying Ping-
- Pong's not bad,
but I'll tell you what's better--
foosball.
Isn't it generally agreed that foosball,
much like soccer,
originated in Western Europe?
Isn't it generally agreed
a sphincter says, "What?"
- No, it's not.
- What? Damn it!
Hey, y'all! Come and get
your A&W cream soda floats!
Holy crap!
That's a huge frickin' brand!
Long spoon? Long spoon?
Long spoon to keep your knuckles dry?
Okay. Thank you so much, Cleveland,
- for taking care of my Ping-
- Pong table for the last few days.
I'll be taking it back now.
Now, Peter, just
because Cleveland had the vision
to see the potential
- in your Ping-
- Pong table you didn't,
that doesn't mean
you have the right to take it back.
- Yeah? Says who?
- Says the landmark case
One Man's Trash v. Another Man's Treasure.
Hard-shell tacos, y'all.
- Oh, yeah.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What's the brand on those shells?
Old El Paso.
Oh, baby. Huge brand.
Damn it, there's got to be
one more pill in here somewhere.
I mean, maybe there's one that got stuck
in a drawer or something.
Okay. Here, Stewie.
Time to get nice and clean in your bath
while Mommy gets on her knees
and Tara Reids around the bathroom.
Uh, there's no water in here.
All right, let's see.
Here it is.
How's the temperature, sweetie?
Of what? The air?
Okay, I just need some water.
Yeah, me, too.
Oh, my God.
That's the last pill.
Oh, damn it, my hand's too big.
It won't fit.
Oh, Stewie,
you know how you
missed your last swim lesson?
Yeah, we could do
a little makeup class, huh?
Wait, what's happening?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Well, you know how Teacher Amy
has you dive for rings?
Well, this is like that,
except it's a pill
and it's not okay if you don't get it.
Aah! Damn you!
Come on, come on, you just touched it!
What's all the yelling...?
Oh, my God, Lois,
what are you doing?
First there wasn't enough water,
then there was too much.
I just wanted the pill.
Lois, you need help.
I'm sorry, but there's
only one thing to do.
I have one pill left.
It's in my crate and you may have it.
Brian, I don't see it.
What are you doing?
Let me out of here, Brian.
Help! Somebody help me!
I'd stop, but my VO2 max rate is 70.
I-Is that good?
"Is that good?"
Cocky jogger. ♪
See you at the finish line!
Brian, unlock this cage.
I'm sorry, I can't do that, Lois.
You're an addict,
and I'm the reason those pills
were in the house to begin with.
So I'm gonna get you through this.
The most important thing
is you getting better.
Stewie? Stewie.
Help Mommy out and
just open the latch, huh?
Stewie. Stewie?
Stewie? Stewie?
Stewie? Stew?
Stew? Stew?
Stewie? Stewie?
Stewie? Sweetie?
Stewie. Stewie.
Stewie?
Stew? Stewart?
Stew? Stewie?
Stewie? Stewie?
Stewie.
Stewie. Stewie.
- Stewie...
- - Noise canceling on.
Audible presents Times We've Been Nude
by all three Hemsworths.
G'day, Liam.
I'm about to take me trousers off.
Said Chris Hemsworth.
Liam Hemsworth replied...
Oh, Chris, you startled me.
I was in the process
of taking my trousers off.
I'm the third one,
and I'm trouserless, too.
Said the third one, holding the trousers
that the other two bought for him.
I have some coupons for these.
This coupon is expired.
Well, try another one.
All of these coupons are expired.
Expired. Expired. Expired.
- But, but...
- Looks like someone
didn't study for groceries.
No, I-I studied.
Also, you're naked and you're falling
and you're falling and you're falling
and your teeth are coming out, too.
Daddy, will you come to my recital?
Can't you see I'm busy? God, so needy.
She'll probably end up
with the first fat slob she meets.
Let's start a life together.
I have 42 VHS tapes.
They're movies taped off the TV,
so they all have commercials.
Lois, you stand on trial for drug use
prompted by mom-related boredom.
This council has no hesitation
in pronouncing you...
- Guilty.
- Y-You're on mute, Jor-
- El.
- Jor-
- El, y-you have to unmute yourself.
Dur, sorry. Can you hear me now?
Yeah, yeah, o-okay, we got you.
Okay. Guilty.
I don't know this reference!
- Is this from a Spider-
- Man?
What took you so long?
You dragged all that stuff
out to your lawn
just waiting for this moment?
Nah, I'm getting a jump
on the next big trash day.
So, what, you're mad 'cause people
- have been enjoying my Ping-
- Pong table?
No, I'm mad they've been
- enjoying my Ping-
- Pong table.
- Peter, you're acting like a child.
- No, I'm not.
So let's solve this like children.
- A game of Ping-
- Pong for the table.
Whoever wins keeps it.
You're on.
Oh, wait, if we want to have a fair match,
we're gonna need a referee.
What took you so long?
It's my third time tonight
so it's taking longer.
Not you, Chris.
I been in a cave ♪
40 days ♪
Only a spark ♪
To light my way ♪
I want to give out ♪
I want to give in ♪
This is our crime ♪
This is our sin ♪
But I still believe ♪
I still believe ♪
Through the pain ♪
And through the grief ♪
Through the lies, through the storms ♪
Through the cries ♪
And through the wars ♪
Oh, I still believe ♪
I still believe. ♪
All right, Peter, game point.
I gave Peter the biggest softball tee
you could possibly give to an opponent,
giving him the advantage.
The truth is, after the first day,
- Ping-
- Pong was the greatest thing that had ever happened to me.
But by day five,
- I was so sick of playing Ping-
- Pong
and having people at my house, I was ready
to shove that bitch
into the Fargo wood chipper.
I'm sorry about the table, Cleveland.
And I'm sorry I've been such a jerk.
It's okay.
I can't believe we let a silly table
come between our friendship.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have a draw.
- Oh, come on.
- Yeah, well, it was a waste of time.
- So, who gets the Ping-
- Pong table?
I guess it's no one's table now.
That's all I wanted.
My head.
Brian, you stayed by my side
- all night long?
- I did.
It's kind of what dogs do.
Paw.
Good dog, Brian. Very good dog.
Alexa, play music that
sounds like I'm on drugs.
Playing the last 45 quavery seconds
of "Crimson and Clover."
Crimson and clover ♪
Over and over ♪
Over and over. ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH